Another question asked is is open flow secure is software defined networking secure.
Well I'm pretty sure most of you have heard of the NSA or National Security Agency of the USA.
Here's a presentation on YouTube explaining how open flow is used in the NSA.
The NSA have the same I.T. challenges as other organizations.
They need bigger faster better networks but they need it on a smaller budget they decided that centralization
via open flow is key to their deployment.
The reason for the NSA to implement open flow is control.
They require predictability and efficiency to make the network more secure but also need to support
mission critical workloads that run over the network.
So in this presentation it's mentioned that the NSA are all in too open flow and using open flow with
a centralized controller is the only viable way that the NSA could technically implement their requirements.
They needed to simplify the network but have more control and centralized control using open flow was
the solution.
This presentation further goes into how it makes sense to have centralized control.
As an example in a corporate network you know where your DHB servers are.
So it makes sense to only allow DHS GOP requests to go to those servers there should be no need for
dynamic learning as the network is predictable and deterministic.
The NSA is deploying open flow in their data centers campus and branch offices this video contains information
from the NSA data bank.
Samsung sd s and Credit Suisse.
It's well worth watching this video as well because it very quickly gives you a sense of some of the
challenges that enterprises face and some of the solutions that centralized control using open flow
provide.